before the video starts to celebrate
hitting 4 million subscribers we have
new merch hoodies caps and tees that
finally won't get you bullied at school
but probably bullied in the discord call
as soon as you turn the webcam on Lord
forgive me
I bought youtuber merch even if you
don't want to buy anything just look at
the website it's so cool only nineties
kids will understand go to parasitical
dot store to buy yourself premium
non-ethical products
[Music]
understand in the year 3000 thousand
thousand and today I want to talk about
ninja
what a shame for tonight
Thailand ninja Blevins is someone that I
love talking about you know he was brave
enough to take 30 million dollars just
to cooked which allegedly and he was
also brave enough to sail garbage the
NFL work dude I'll just never understand
how college and NFL football teams about
kickers to just miss kicks I feel like
there has to be pools of Cougars dude
new USA they want this simple kids bro I
don't know it just seems so silly
but love opinions on this I'll never
understand how pro football players just
miss shots I feel like that has to be
posted pro players who can just click on
their heads and hear every shot 100%
accuracy just seems so silly this is the
kiddies for piyah back for now requires
movement and building rotate and educate
these horrible analogy kind of
embarrassing me model the five
urologists go he's also released two
books that's not right two books that I
have religiously reviewed he's a world
cultured individual who is now close
friends with Jeffrey star definitely
there is no monetary gain from that
the scariest thing with this guy is he's
going to appear in a brick-and-mortar
sewed a hundred percent he will but
Ninja has peaked with his collaborations
with other youtubers and brands because
Ninja is learning to cook he was invited
onto this channel Bon Appetit it was
meant to be a friendly venture you know
ninja gets exposure ninja then goes on
stream and how he says he made Bon
Apetit pink in the first place you know
a petite you know by you know my next
line of ninja merch unfortunately I
don't think they realized how
incompetent Ninja was it cooking hey
guys it's Carl I'm here in the bone
Appetit test kitchen this morning with
gamer Tyler ninja Blevins
I'm here with gamer ninja for tonight
Tyler Blevins gamer I like how I
ironically say that when addressing in
but she's just totally legit and you're
a Kirk we just talking about this yes I
can't work the noodles coming for three
years doing saute cooking up the noodle
station and prepping meals sorry so you
know your way around a cutting board
IIIi think I think I'll I'll manage I
want you guys to keep that in mind he
just said himself he's been working in a
kitchen for three years and he's
confident confident with a chopping
board he at least got a rank on all the
Cooking Mama levels right now ninja is
ask the most important question of his
entire career can you slice bread I
don't think I know how to cut this the
way I think I need to okay usually do I
cut edit like from a side at this point
like do I leave it you know what I'm
just gonna go with it I think you just
want like to you know long oval sized
slices
it's like Minecraft you dig straight
down look I can't think of an analogy
that is fortnight we're digging down
okay the game sucks you can't dig
through dirt you know what we're gonna
cut the bread crosswise and took two
slices out of the middle down the middle
imagine it like you picked the bread up
and he put it on its side hey guys I
know this isn't a live stream or
anything can we get some of these we
can't we got some of these in shock
I don't know how else to describe that I
don't know how else to describe the
sandwich that you need to make I think
these this is gonna be a big-ass
sandwich this guy has the perception to
decide off a whim if a guy's dream
slapping him or not but he can't come to
any of you confused about cutting bread
this monumental task that is harder than
like a dark cells know death run allow
me to show you how to cook break
Pyrrha retrieve the bread and get on
back right
now carefully sliced the loaf into two
pieces without wasting the entire look
we're gonna actually punch two holes out
of the center with the little cutter on
your board okay it's been a good four
minutes and he's just still coding into
that wheaty bread what if I just did
this cut it in half you know what I
think I got this
why did she cook it off he's going down
the middle now alright look I don't want
to turn the entire video into just men
man can't do tasks long man bag the
Brett look you literally had one job
till the bread in half dude like imagine
this guy playing surgeon simulator
flatlined the patient in five seconds I
love gaming okay is your bread big
enough that you could punch a hole out
of it
yep okay from the flat side you know
what I mean yeah okay
look at that big we're making this work
now he has made the bread which are
given credit for but look at the amount
of waste generated compared to the woman
you might as well throw in like five
plastic beer rings into the ocean I've
never cut an avocado my life I never cut
an avocado myself you're aware of the
pit inside right okay right in the
center we're gonna kind of guide the
knife around the pit because you can't
cut through it what do you think he does
guys what do they get Weibull I moved on
to something else yeah what do you think
he does okay and just cut in until you
hit the pit I gotta watch that again
that's like on the tier of the the cat
in the wheelchair the pet and say that
you made rake we can't cut an avocado
nice shot I'm working I'll you know this
looks just great it looks great great I
believe you when you say that I love
these celebs they are so awkward
including myself working right anyway
I'm gonna move away from Tyler we've
been a bit mean to me he's just learning
how to cook let him do his thing but on
the topic of epic gaming I did find this
channel Jubilee and they uploaded a
video 5 gamers versus one fake gamer the
format of the show is basically there's
one mole who doesn't have any expertise
in gaming whatsoever they've got to ask
questions to find who that person is
vote them out and then they all get a
cash prize we brought together six
gamers I'm a gamer and I'm a gamer now
in the game I am a gamer I am a gamer
I'm the gamers I am a virgin quick
question if you're a real gamer what is
this post called Oh tip ups I trust me
no really we must start off with a tee
pose are you you can tell the producers
just boomers as well like what happy
noise can we have let's have Mario
Calero know marry a very recognizable
Italian man or so I hate how the word
gamer is just totally destroyed saying
that you are a redditor somehow has
higher value in society than being a
gamer that's not right man what's really
- hello bloody Thursday did he say his
team name was I love blood 3000
what's your steam ID I love black people
[Music]
come on man
what were the odds he has an anime
profile picture I know that's like half
the people on Steam yes absolute unit
with a picture of a buff community could
you imagine how screwed someone would be
like if they didn't have steam I use
Xbox Live leave oh yeah I don't have
steam bro what peasant platform epic
gamer all the way we got fortnight we
got Borderlands three God does it does a
great game what you guys might merely
pound PC though I mainly paid overall
only dude okay oh I'm I'm like very into
simulation games I play a lot of like
The Sims okay look honey when someone
says that they're like a variety gamer
but they open up with League go we know
you spend 90% of your time on League
just because you played Super Mario
Sunshine when you were 10 years old does
not make you a variety gamer I think
lighter like 90s for us this right now
I'm playing haunting just saying do you
guys you guys familiar with haunting you
guys know you guys know honuts
no just keep talking about it's okay the
only experience this guys had with the
game is probably one of those like
interactive DVD menus that's right you
at home get to vote along with our
judges Shrek Fiona and Simon but sing
I wouldn't say my gaming knowledge is
very good when it comes to like being
under pressure I do know my league of
legends I know my table what role do you
play in League of Legends and what's
your favorite champion oh I play ad
carry and ash usually I also like jinx
you had this made so basically she got
kicked out because she didn't have the
confidence to answer any of the
questions because she was put on the
spot I'm really happy to say that the
guy that looks like one of the kids from
slender that would be single came back
thirty years later he's still in the
gang balance don't worry Kingdom Hearts
is my favorite video game ever like huge
apart my life I love that game store and
read isn't my favorite I even got there
you know which basically makes him
immune for the rest of the game probably
all attorney I think I've seen game
emotes somewhere I myself am a gamer as
you can see I have a Dark Souls hables
ring and the Hornet ring and I'm gonna
have a knights alert Knights to layer
come down here to give me you know a bit
of emotional support what's wrong with
you
a warrior of the Sun would not just sit
and take it could you imagine the smell
of my room where else might my son be my
favorite game is until dawn which we
started playing in college my friend
brie was playing it in her living room
and then since then like I've probably
like played it slender kid confirmed to
playing semi popular video game I think
you should be completely acquitted by
mentioning semi popular video game he
gets my rake I'm gonna put the celeb
back now cuz the bit to get an old and
he's getting quite heavy to hold I like
how when he gives his point he just
doesn't say like any characters or any
ranks it's like hey man what do you
think about Team Fortress 2 that there's
a man with a knife and a man with a
funny hat it's a good game I have a
thousand hours on it off go hang myself
no yeah so your first run who died hey
Dyan mmm like like the first person who
died or like there's a lot of me I mean
come on lady like Jesus died first you
know for for our sins
girl who is yeah there's no
Veronica in the game
no there is not swear to God if he's not
kicked out at the end of this round I
may go sicko mode and I may make a
reddit account gamers little rise up
from your Chinese made gaming chair my
gamers and make sure you call out all
fake gamers around you I'm looking at
you grandparents with your candy crush
installed unless you played a twenty to
thirty hour single-player RPG you cannot
call yourself a gamer he's alert she's
black hair short black hair she has a
little more right here brown eyes she's
like the one he's like Oh like
she's like the Asian girl yeah that is
Ashley I love this bit as well because
the woman I actually was on her side but
even she's got the name wrong as well
like you've reached the point where the
producers in postive had to call of both
out I still think it's the slender kid
is a rap book the girl might just be in
a bit of a a game of rage at the minute
you you literally would have had the
money you would have had the money I
gather you're all greedy and you want
one less person so you get a bigger cash
Sameach but come on man like the slender
kid was the biggest mom he literally
just said it's video game yeah I play
video game which one there's this one
with a man that goes gay bowser
how about cool question what what is the
last game you guys bought like the
latest one you just bought but you may
have to come back to that because I
bought a game no this is so sad this
just proves that no one buys video games
anymore I mean come on we're all just
writing on the same game for five years
now I can't even blame them to be fair
like I don't remember the last game I
played either
[Music]
you have been slain our single word was
set that was pretty awkward it's such an
easy question as well what's the last
game you play just lie you could allege
it say any game gonna say you emulated
golden Isle like Aladdin
can we get a little formation dude I
love gaming please smash like if you two
love gaming I really feel the need to
play League of Legends after watching
this video
that's a game a moment as a gamer I have
a strange feeling to go on the website
ready calm and now give random strangers
my gold
imagine if it was all $1 bills
guys we got rid of the woman and made
the total of $40 we make that a meme now
with that guy yes cuz I'm a gamer he
does have the gaming merchandise like he
knew who's gonna win I truthfully have
not purchased a game in a few months but
because we are such a small group I
think that the guys were you know more
understanding than like you know what
the girls it doesn't mean they're not
gamers you know this video is definitive
proof that anyone can game no matter
what your age race religion cultural
beliefs anyone can be a gamer gosh less
females and gosh less gaming thank you
all for watching this was another
sponsored video by the website reddit
com
[Music]
[Applause]